# Is X a Growth Hack?

I've been active on X/Twitter again recently and the amount of people who promise growth is even higher than before. While i don't doubt, that there is some growth hidden in X, I doubt that what they offer will do much.

## Share Your Project Link

At best this is a group of other engineers and designers visiting your website for a few seconds and leaving again. Likely at a really low click rate because it is usually not clear why I should be clicking on AI-Wrapper number 3498 now and not just wait if it survives the next few days. At a point where any reasonable project drowns in wrappers of existing tools, the chance of being found by the target community and remembered is tiny.

## Describe Your Product in a Sentence

This is a bit more valuable, it gives people a reason to look if it is done well. And a reason is remembered more likely than a random Logo generated by ChatGPT or the like - not because they are really bad, because they all look the same.

## Why don't you do X

Might be the algorythm, but posts along the lines of "Give me attention for a question I don't care about" are as common as sand on a beach at the moment. People flog to them to be heared, increasing the noise and thereby decreasing the chance that anyone is heard, because they are just not findable.

## Is growth dead then?

I doubt that as well, it just isn't about dumping links or sending AI-Generated posts about IDE choice. That is both just so common it doesn't stick. Try building a relationship with your potential users, the build in public community has part of that correct, just often doesn't catch the right audience unless they are building dev-tools.

Additionally the real benefit is in feedback. A person clicking your link because it was spammed somewhere will not remember the contents most likely, a person who has written with you will remember you and that you care about what you shared. They will likely give feedback and that is more valuable than another ten to twenty clicks without context. You can't build for people you don't understand after all.
